What is Change by Us?

Change by Us is a new place created by Local Projects and CEOS for Cities. It's 
a place for people to share ideas for making the city better, and to turn those 
ideas into projects that have real impact. The site gives you tools to network, 
manage projects, and connect with local resources. Get started making your city 
better today!

Share ideas: Have an idea for how to make your city better? Add it to Change by
Us and connect with likeminded people and projects in your area. No idea is too
big, or small.

Join or Create Projects: Find great projects in your neighborhood, or start your
own! Use Change by Us' powerful project management tools to recruit volunteers,
promote events, and find in-kind donations.

Build Teams: Change by Us allows you to tap into a network of people motivated
to improve their communities. The site helps you find people by interest,
location, and skills. You can even find people by items they have available to
lend. Change by Us helps you tap into the power of your community.

Find Resources: In addition to projects, Change by Us also maintains information
on public and non-profit programs that can help your project succeed. Connect
with city services and local knowledge.

Change By Us is a growing community.  Code for America fellows collaborated to 
complete new features and launch in Philadelphia, giving it capacities for social 
and coordinating new projects. It has been released as a completely Open Source 
project, allowing any town or city to release it for free.  If you want to launch 
a local version, make changes to the codebase, coordinate best practices or 
inquire about what it takes, please inquire to info@changeby.us

Change by Us is a new open-source platform created originally by Local Projects
— known for its innovative work on StoryCorps and the 9/11 Memorial Museum — and 
the urban think tank CEOs for Cities. After being launched in New York, Code for 
America, whose ground-breaking work is redefining how cities work collaborated 
on new features to expand Change by Us.

Change by Us is funded with the support of the Rockefeller Foundation, the
Knight Foundation, and the Case Foundation.
